migration (#14)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cloudant: README.md

# Cloudant Module

[![Graduated (Supported)](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Graduated%20(Supported)-brightgreen)](https://terraform-ibm-modules.github.io/documentation/#/badge-status)
[![latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cloudant?logo=GitHub&sort=semver)](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cloudant/releases/latest)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![Renovate enabled](https://img.shields.io/badge/renovate-enabled-brightgreen.svg)](https://renovatebot.com/)

> This module supports creating a cloudant instance on a multi-tenant environment with standard or lite plan, or a standard plan cloudant instance with on a dedicated environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module supports provisioning a instance of the IBM Cloudant service. With a Lite plan, the instance is provisioned on a multi-tenant environment. With a standard plan, the instance can be provisioned either on a multi-tenant or on a dedicated environment. For more information, see [Plans and provisioning](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/Cloudant?topic=Cloudant-ibm-cloud-public).
```

Here's a suggestion.

<!-- BEGIN OVERVIEW HOOK -->
## Overview
* [terraform-ibm-cloudant](#terraform-ibm-cloudant)
* [Examples](./examples)
    * [Basic cloudant instance and database creation](./examples/basic)
    * [Cloudant instance and database creation on dedicated host](./examples/dedicated-cloudant)
    * [Cloudant instance, access controls, and rotation of credentials through Secret Manager](./examples/complete)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
<!-- END OVERVIEW HOOK -->

## cloudant-module

### Usage

#### Usage to create a cloudant instance on a multi-tenant environment:

```hcl
module "cloudant" {

>   source           = "terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cloudant/ibm"

Reviewer 2: this is wrong, hashicorp takes away the `terraform-ibm` so it should read: `"terraform-ibm-modules/cloudant/ibm"`

  version          = "X.X.X" # Replace "X.X.X" with a release version to lock into a specific release

>   source            = "git::https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cloudant.git?ref=X.X.X"

Reviewer 2: remove this line, you already have source above

  resource_group_id = "xxXXxxXXxXxXXXXxxXxxxXXXXxXXXXX"
  instance_name     = "my-cloudant-instance"
}
```

#### Usage to create a cloudant instance on a dedicated environment:

```hcl
module "cloudant" {

>   source           = "terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cloudant/ibm"

Reviewer 2: this is wrong, hashicorp takes away the `terraform-ibm` so it should read: `"terraform-ibm-modules/cloudant/ibm"`

>   version          = "X.X.X" # Replace "X.X.X" with a release version to lock into a specific release

Reviewer 2: fix indentation

# Cloudant Module

> [![Certified](<https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Certified%20(GA)-brightgreen?style=plastic>)](https://github.ibm.com/GoldenEye/documentation/blob/master/status.md)

Reviewer 2: This is an internal badge - need to use graduated badge. See https://terraform-ibm-modules.github.io/documentation/#/badge-status

> [![latest release](https://shields-server.m03l6u0cqkx.eu-de.codeengine.appdomain.cloud/github/v/release/GoldenEye/cloudant-module?logo=GitHub)](https://github.ibm.com/GoldenEye/cloudant-module/releases/latest)

Reviewer 2: this needs to be updated to public repo

> [![CI](https://img.shields.io/badge/CI-Toolchain%20Tekton%20Pipeline-3662FF?logo=ibm)](https://cloud.ibm.com/devops/toolchains/c3916535-165a-4275-9b1f-c58575839951?env_id=ibm:yp:us-south)

Reviewer 2: This is an internal badge, remove it

[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![Renovate enabled](https://img.shields.io/badge/renovate-enabled-brightgreen.svg)](https://renovatebot.com/)

> This module supports creating a cloudant instance on a multi-tenant environment with standard or lite plan, or a standard plan cloudant instance with on a dedicated environment.

Reviewer 2: This doesn't read very well - Adding @SirSpidey for review

<!-- BEGIN OVERVIEW HOOK -->
## Overview
* [terraform-ibm-cloudant](#terraform-ibm-cloudant)
* [Examples](./examples)
    * [Basic cloudant instance and database creation](./examples/basic)
    * [Cloudant instance and database creation on dedicated host](./examples/dedicated-cloudant)
    * [Cloudant instance, access controls, and rotation of credentials through Secret Manager](./examples/complete)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
<!-- END OVERVIEW HOOK -->

> ## Compliance and security

Author: Alright. Adding @SirSpidey to have a look into this.

> ## Compliance and security

Reviewer: @rajatagarwal-ibm Can you create a PR for this? Look at the files in the `controls` directory for examples in the internal docs. Ping me or Joyce if not clear.

| <a name="output_instance_id"></a> [instance\_id](#output\_instance\_id) | The id of the cloudant instance created |
| <a name="output_instance_name"></a> [instance\_name](#output\_instance\_name) | Name of the cloudant instance |
| <a name="output_instance_url"></a> [instance\_url](#output\_instance\_url) | The dashboard URL to access resource |
| <a name="output_plan"></a> [plan](#output\_plan) | The plan used to create cloudant instance |
| <a name="output_private_endpoint"></a> [private\_endpoint](#output\_private\_endpoint) | The external private endpoint |
| <a name="output_public_endpoint"></a> [public\_endpoint](#output\_public\_endpoint) | The external public endpoint |
| <a name="output_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#output\_resource\_group\_name) | The resource group name in which resource is provisioned |
| <a name="output_resource_keys_url"></a> [resource\_keys\_url](#output\_resource\_keys\_url) | The relative path to the resource keys for the instance |
| <a name="output_state"></a> [state](#output\_state) | The current state of the instance |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

> <!-- BEGIN CONTRIBUTING HOOK -->

Reviewer 2: remove this line - there is no longer a contributing hook

<!-- Leave this section as is so that your module has a link to local development environment set up steps for contributors to follow -->
## Contributing

You can report issues and request features for this module in GitHub issues in the module repo. See [Report an issue or request a feature](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/.github/blob/main/.github/SUPPORT.md).

To set up your local development environment, see [Local development setup](https://terraform-ibm-modules.github.io/documentation/#/local-dev-setup) in the project documentation.

<!-- Source for this readme file: https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/common-dev-assets/tree/main/module-assets/ci/module-template-automation -->

> <!-- END CONTRIBUTING HOOK -->

Reviewer 2: remove these 2 lines - there is no longer a contributing hook
